How do I approach designing software?
I approach designing software by forming a general idea of the software requirements. Primarily by trying to find optimal solutions to pre-defined user needs. The new design skill my work on this project has helped me craft is feasibility. Being aware of what software can be made, done, and achieved has helped me immensely. This tactic, from my design approach, can be applied as Feasibility Studies. I believe that being able to analyze if the software can be developed, to fulfill a specific user requirement will be useful to me in the future.
How do I approach developing programs?
I approach developing programs by forming a general idea of the program requirements. The new development strategy I used while working on my 3D scene is problem specification. Being able to understand the Problem Statement is an integral part of guiding my construction of the program. My approach to developing code has evolved throughout the milestones. Specifically, when it came to Software Design. With the ability to condense my knowledge about the program requirements and its’ analysis, I was able to design my program.
How can computer science help me in reaching my goals?
Computational graphics and visualizations gave me new knowledge and skills that can be applied in my future educational pathway. More specifically, when it came to learning how to apply newer concepts. This will benefit me in my future professional pathway. Acquiring new skills will help me apply newer and better techniques.
